Okay, so it's Tuesday the 20th of June, time 12 o'clock, present Mike Nicholson, Sue Nicholson, Jamie Lawson
and we are joined by... Anthony. Anthony, Anthony Simmons. Yeah. Hello Anthony how you doing?
Oh all right. Yeah? Yeah. Just starting off would you like to tell us a little bit about yourself?
Maybe where you're from, what you get up to on a day-to-day basis?
Um nothing much on a Monday, no. Okay how about we start on where you're from then?
Uh Caldecock. Yeah? 1997, old TV. So it's just outside of Chepstow isn't it? Yeah. For those listening. Yeah.
Okay and how long, do you know how long you've been a part of Chepstow Main Camp for?
No. Not too sure? Is that something Jamie could maybe help? Well Anthony was involved when I
started in 2001 and I think you've already been involved for a few years so you know quite a few
years isn't it? Yeah. It's got to be 25, 30 years I should think. Yeah. A couple of decades then. Yeah.
Am I, we're looking forward to speaking to you today because Anthony you live independently on
your own don't you? Yeah. And which is great and you may want to talk about that later on if you
want to about how you find that and I know in the past you've done things with Chepstow Main Camp,
can you remember anything that you used to do? Things socially or? Drawing caps. Okay.
Um well I found some photos and I think you used to do things like sport
but a specific type of sport to you, can you remember what that was?
Um. It was part of a team. Yeah. The Olympics. The Special Olympics is it? Yeah. Yeah.
All right tell us a bit about that then. What sport did you do?
Um. The walking and the shot put. I can't think of anything else. Yeah. Where did that take place?
No we'd gone back and forth to Covent. Yeah. Yeah. Is that what you did the practising? Yeah. Yeah.
Where did the actual games take place do you remember? Um I was the only one represented.
I can't think. That's all right. How about we don't worry about Chepstow Main Camp for now.
Let's just talk a little bit about you if that's all right.
Okay.
I'm just going to shut that because it's a little bit noisy out there. Yeah.
So yeah let's let's go back to Anthony. Let's just find out a little bit about you. Yeah.
What? Tell me some of your interests.
You've got one interest in common with me, haven't you?
Oh. And who's that?
Elvis. Elvis. So you're a big Elvis fan, yeah? Yeah. He's the best in the Ant. What's the best album?
Um.
I wouldn't know any of his albums. You love them all do you? Yeah. Yeah. So did you? I know she goes to is it the
uh where do you do it too? Tell me tell me about the the Elvis event that you both attend because I
am not too sure. Porthcore. Porthcore. Yeah. What happens there? Oh there's loads of people walking about.
Um.
Yeah. So do you watch different Elvis performers? Yeah and then in the evening then there's shows in
the pavilion. Yeah? Yeah. Do you have a dress up or anything? Yeah. You've got your own Elvis
costume. Yeah. Nice. Which era of Elvis? What one do you wear? Um I got a gold one this year and I
with lighted up boots. Oh cool. I didn't know that Anthony because when I saw you,
yeah, you were buying a belt. Yeah. Didn't know you had lit up boots for play.
So do you go there on your own? No, carers. Yeah? Yeah. So the carers take you along? Yeah. Nice.
All right so what what else do you do? What do you do day to day? Do you want to tell us a little bit
about your life if that's okay with you? Um.
Um.
Yeah. Look out for a cat, Anthony. Yeah I got a cat. You've got a cat? Yeah. What's your cat's name?
Simba. Simba? Yeah. Oh boy. Yeah. Yeah. What colour is he?
It's all different colours in him. Yeah he's like a multi, multi. Yeah.
Multi colour is it? Yeah. So how come you ended up with a cat? Oh good fancy one. Did you? Yeah.
Somebody to keep me company. Yeah. When I'm in the house. Well yeah. I've got a cat. I love my cat.
It's a good fun isn't it? He's someone to greet you isn't it when you go back to the house and
like you see like being stroked and cuddled and yeah yeah so that's quite nice for you quite
therapeutic. Yeah. From what I know of what I've heard um you're very popular in Caldecott.
I think you're almost Caldecott's mascot. Yeah. Everyone knows you don't they? Yeah. And am I
right in saying you've just recently been on a stag do with a yeah a group of lads from Caldecott?
Yeah. How did that go? Oh hectic. Hectic. Yeah. I think they're meant to be.
What did you get up to? Did you have a good time? Yeah. Too much else to walk up. Oh lots of hiking
was there? Yeah. Where did you go for it? Uh I've long come back from Poland and that was. Poland?
Yeah. Over there is different
different culture. Different way of life. Yeah. In nights it's cold. Good beer though.
Yeah I didn't drink much. No I can't believe that for a second. No. Did you do any activities?
No. No activities? No. No sports or anything? No. No. No. Did you eat the apple pie over there?
No. Oh they do a fabulous apple pie. It's a lot of beetroot isn't it? Yeah. What did you eat when
you were there? I did picking. Yeah. Surviving on chips was it just to get through? Yeah.
So whose stag was there anyway? Who was getting married? Well don't know. You don't know? Didn't
know. Just went along for the ride is it? Yeah. Oh that's nice you got an invite didn't it?
So what how do you know these group of lads are they are they friends from the pub? Because I
knew you spent a lot of time at the rugby club is it? Yeah. Do you like watching the rugby? No.
No? So that must be the beer then? Yeah I just like when I'm mad old
I would like just wait for the winter Olympics to come on. Do you? Yeah on the telly I guess.
You enjoy watching? Yeah I'm a poor note watching that. Yeah nice. So um going back to Chepster
Mencap you're obviously been involved with Mencap for many years but you're very independent aren't
you? You basically live day to day doing your own thing. Yeah. But am I right in saying Jamie comes
out and gives you some support? Yeah. Yeah? On Tuesday. What type of things do you and Jamie
tend to do together? Oh sometimes going to a really damn drink. Yeah? Yeah. So just like a
catch-up kind of like yeah um what do you get from your relationship with with Jamie?
The companionship? Yeah. Like a good friend? Yeah. Yeah. Just someone to talk to? Yeah. How's your
experience with Anthony Jamie? What type of things do you do? Um well usually it is on a Tuesday
and I usually go down out and do a bit of shopping or something like that. Yeah. You put some pieces
that you need and then sometimes we clean out your fridge or something. Yeah. Get rid of out of dates
like. Yeah absolutely. And um and he just phoned me up you know quite a bit. I did get quite a few calls at you know
like right this month and he and but we'll put you out on the phone sometimes as well.
So he's someone that that's there for you then Ants if you need a bit of support. Tell you else
I bet as well. Isn't there a bloke called John? John Bowman or John who took you to Porthcoil?
John Bowen. Do you see him regularly as well? Um on the Mondays. On the Mondays what do you do with John?
Well I just go into the village have a coffee. Yeah. Yeah and then go back.
And again is he someone that you can ring when you need support or a chat? No he's busy whatever it is.
Yeah. Yeah.
Going back over the have you ever been on holiday with Mencap at all? No. No? Have you got any memories
that you can think of if you sit and it doesn't matter how long it takes you to to think of it?
Can you just try and have a think of something that you used to do regularly with Mencap?
I can't think. No that's fine mate. No sometimes when you've got a microphone on your mind goes
blank you know. Yeah. I saw some pictures of you with Canoe were on a raft or something.
Was that something you did with Mencap? Yeah that's when Tony Brown was here. Yeah? It was a long
time ago wasn't it? Yeah. Let's think back to that time. Let's think so you said Tony can you think
of any things you did with Tony in particular?
Well.
Where did you raft from?
Oh so up in the from somewhere I can't think. Down the river Wye was that? Yeah. Did you camp?
Yeah. Brilliant how did you feel about that? Oh I get fancy sleeping.
It's hard work doing a raft isn't it? Yeah. And then camping in between. Yeah.
Was it good though? Yeah. So was there quite a few of you there? Yeah. Yeah? Good.
So what we've done with a lot of other interviews Anthony is we've kind of asked people to break
down their typical week. So starting on a Monday and then you know ending on a Sunday. What does
a week look like for you? Do you tend to do the same things or is it always different?
Like today for example what would you normally be doing if you weren't here?
Shopping. Shopping on a Monday is it? Tuesday. Tuesday shopping yeah. Oh it's Tuesday today
isn't it? Yeah. My apologies. So what about a Wednesday? What's tomorrow's plan looking like?
Nothing. Just chill? Yeah. Thursday? Chill much telly. Chill so do you spend quite a lot of time
at home then? Yeah because if it's like too hot I don't go out. No that's fair enough yeah.
So so would you say it's quite important for you to see people like Jamie to get that company? Yeah.
Because um you're quite sociable aren't you anyway? I know you go out in the village and talk to him
talk to everyone don't you? Yeah. Okay what about on the weekends? Do you do anything in particular
on the weekends? No. No. Do you find out about events that are going on locally in Caldecott?
No. You don't hear about what they're having on in the village? No. Oh right okay. What about
the castle? Do you ever go to Caldecott castle? No. No. So you've got quite a set routine every
week then? Yeah. You're quite happy. What's your um what's your favorite pub in Caldecott?
Oh I don't go much. No? We go to the hayway now and again if you ever wanted to meet us up there
for a pint you're always welcome to join us on a Thursday evening. Yeah. Next time maybe when we're
going I can let Jamie know and you can decide if you want to pop up and say hello? Yeah. Yeah so
something good to you? Yeah. Something else we've done with these interviews is we let
the person be an interview to you ask us some questions is there any questions you'd like to
ask us? No. No? That's fair enough. Okay so say we were sat in a pub together now and we're just
having a pint what's the type of thing you'd talk about what conversation would you would you normally
have? You don't follow a football team? No. Don't you? No. You don't like football. You don't like
football? Don't blame you I don't like it either. And you like watching the winter Olympics what's
your favorite um event in the winter Olympics? Oh the track events. The track events is that because
that's something that you used to do and you were interested in it? So when you did the special
Olympics then the shot put did you ever win any medals? I'm not sure. You're not sure? I'm not sure.
Well I'll look through the photos we'll see if there's any photos of anything. I can't remember
of it so once days you did represent Wales didn't you? Yeah. Wow. Was that for you didn't you went
to Dublin didn't you? Yeah I was the only one chosen. Really? Yeah. Wow. Wow. And what's
remember honestly what sport it was? You remember what sport it was? No. Was that a shot put? Shot put and walking. Yeah. Wow.
That's quite an honor then Antonique is um on the tv last week oh actually Michael was on the tv
last week and you went down to what? Went to the uh senate in Cardiff which is kind of the
uh official government building of Cardiff and they have those that are participating like you
did for Wales in the Special Olympics that's been held in Berlin this year so we got to meet I think
there was a weightlifter there was two guys running track there was a lady that was
uh
botcher they call it yeah
but that was nice they were they were really proud of what you know representing their country and
they were going on an amazing holiday so so how was Dublin? Oh. If you can remember that from back
then. It was tiny rig yeah. How did you find did you fly? Yeah. Yeah. How did you find flying Jume?
Oh I don't like going back and up and down the steps. No. Oh really? Yeah. Is that the bit you
don't like? I just don't like flying all together. Have you got many do you collect photos do you keep
photos at home? Have you got photos from like your past or anything? No. No? Just thinking maybe some
visual things for us to look at and talk about might be quite helpful. I can't think. No that's
fine mate that's honestly we've done a lot of these and sometimes it's just hard to think of things
to say isn't it? So what do you think of the new building that we've got here? Oh yeah.
Did you come out at Christmas here as Anthony came out to any of our events?
Came out to the 50th birthday of Endon. Oh did you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
A few buses of Prasacko wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah I think you had a couple of the spare ones as well.
Yeah. So yeah we're very lucky to have this building I mean the facilities we got. Do you
remember the Barclay? Yeah. It was about half the size of this wasn't it? I think it could fit the
Barclay in the main room here. Yeah. Did you ever do anything with Alan Bishop? No. No not Alan Bishop.
Right I've got a question for you. What's your favourite Elvis song?
What's your favourite Elvis song?
What's your favourite Elvis song? American Trilogy. Brilliant give it here.
That is exactly mine I was gonna say that's mine. You cannot beat that song can you Anthony?
And when you because I saw you at the pavilion
and you were dressed as Elvis and you were right in the front by the stage weren't you?
And you looked as if you were having a fab night and I can see by your smiling now because of course
the recorder doesn't know you're smiling but it's obviously a good weekend for you.
It's just lovely isn't it to go and watch some live music. Yeah. I'm off to Glastonbury tomorrow
I'll be seeing lots of live music and there's actually an Elvarna an Elvis themed band
so have you ever heard of the band Nirvana? No. No well they were a famous kind of grunge band
in the 90s so it's Elvis meets Nirvana so they play half Elvis songs and half Nirvana.
Very odd but you'd probably love it actually. Yeah you would. So he's kind of like a preacher
almost isn't he? The lead singer so they do Nirvana songs but in the style of Elvis.
I'd have to show you it to explain it to you but it's very good fun. I'll try and get a video if
I go and see them and then next time I see you I'll show you. So what else have you got planned
for this year? Any other trips? You've been to Poland? You've gone to Port Cor? Not yet.
Don't know what. The end of September I'm not sure what. It's usually around the 26th of September
my wedding anniversary but you've upgraded this year haven't you? You were telling me? Yeah. Well
have you upgraded too? VIP tickets isn't it? Yeah VIP very important Presley. Yeah. Nice.
What does that get you then? I'm not sure. No you'll probably get a good view of the stage I'd imagine
and maybe meet a couple of the performers or something like that. Have you already got your
tickets for all the shows? Yeah the office where Chris sorts out, it's all booked up, it's all people.
Oh so someone books it for you but then they make sure you can go to all the shows? Yeah. Lovely
answer because it's really hard to get tickets for those shows. So you must go to every show don't you?
Yeah. Do you ever get sick of it? No. No not me. Do you have fish and chips on the on the beach
front while you're there? Oh yeah I haven't played there. Well the fish and chips and port
calls good. Yeah definitely you're closer to the water. Yeah. And what's the high tide? Yeah. Do
you ever go there for a show? That's in the pavilion. You go to the pavilion you don't go to high tide.
And I'll show where we are this year. No. You know where you where I met you by the stalls where
you're buying your belt. High tide is one of those marquees there I think. Yeah. Not sure when
somebody said the fish going. Yeah that was on the news. I don't know if it's gone yet though.
No not this year, not this year. But um they're thinking of selling off the land aren't they? Yeah.
Be such a shame. But the whole of that weekend you just see Elvis's walking everywhere don't you?
Yeah. Have you ever been to Graceland? No. Is that somewhere you'd like to go? Yeah. You went there on
holiday didn't you? I've been to Graceland twice. Memphis is it? Yeah Memphis, Tennessee. Apparently
his house is totally untouched. It's just as it was the way he's after. I watched um one of his final
performances the other day and it's stunning. I can't remember where it was at. It's like an
inside the theatre and um he's looking a little bit worse for wear but his voice is better than
ever. It was just a stunning performance. It's an unchanged melody isn't it? Yeah. It's lovely.
The king isn't he? All right maybe well is there anything else you'd like to talk about?
No. You don't want to ask us anything because you didn't know. Had you met Michael before today?
We've met a few times over the years haven't we? Yeah. Yeah. So we see that much. No. I say hello
if I'm walking past but. And honestly he does really like films and quite often he finds me up to
remind me that there's a Rocky is on again or something. Yes. Yeah. I get reminders when
we're doing a repeat. Yeah. What's your favourite film would you say?
I know it's a hard question because I struggle to answer it. I like them all. Yeah. Favourite
genre? Do you like action films? Yeah. Yeah I love films. That's probably my favourite interest.
Sounds as if you're quite happy with your home life with your cat and your films.
And your cup of coffee is it? You'd sit down with a cuppa? Yeah. And a glass of water. Glass
of water. Right. Okay. That's all you need isn't it? Is a cat and a good film. That's a nice sorted
for me. Do you cook for yourself? Yeah. I haven't been bothered because it's been too hot. Yeah.
Funny enough. Yeah. It does affect people doesn't it? Yeah. You don't want to stand there a heartbeat
in this weather. No. I've been forcing my girlfriend or my fiance as you say to watch
Lord of the Rings films at the moment. It's the first time she's actually properly paid attention.
She's actually enjoying them. I forced her to sit through them twice before but this time I think
I've stocked them to enjoy them. Have you ever seen those films? Lord of the Rings or The Hobbit?
Yeah I've seen them but. They're a bit long aren't they Ant? Yeah. Not your thing. No they're not for everyone.
They're fantasies and a quiet taste. Yeah. Is there something like Rocky or? Horror films and stuff.
Listen, you and I are just in the cinema at the moment. Maybe doing all the Indiana Jones
things. Okay. Yeah yeah. I look forward to seeing that. Looks good doesn't it? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I love the old Indiana Jones films. Do you ever go to the cinema then? Oh it's twice as expensive.
To its length is it? Yeah. What horror films do you like? I quite like horror films.
I get all the wall of ideas at 13th. There's a lot of them out there. Yeah. They're almost comedy some of them.
Have you ever seen Hereditary? No. That's one of the recent horrors I watched and it's pretty terrifying.
So if you come across that that's worth a watch. Halloween? Did you see the Halloween films?
I see them but. Yeah. Not bad. Obviously you see Jamie most weeks but this is your opportunity to
Is there anything you'd like to ask Jamie? Not at all. It could be anything. Anything you want.
No? That's fair enough. Maybe then if you'd like to do this again at some point maybe we can
jot down some ideas or get some photos together that we can discuss. Yeah. Only if you're
comfortable with it though mate. Yeah. Yeah that might be a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. All right well
we're reaching the half hour mark so I think we'll call it a day there yeah. Yeah. And we'll
maybe do this again but thank you very much for coming. Bye. And yeah okay bye-bye everyone.
Have you enjoyed it? Yeah. Yeah you've enjoyed it? Yeah. A little bit different isn't it? Yeah.
All right then. Very interesting chapter support Anthony so it's good to hear your story as it is.